marshmallows on this classic from
pastry has its origins
in ancient Egypt he invented ronnie
marshmallows adding honey to the
sap of the root of the plant of the
mauve modern marshmallows contain
jelly instead of sap extracted from
mauve roots if you have a sweet tooth
quality control of apple goods
it would be your ideal job
just a quick first to make sure
that the coating is enough
often it's hard and then someone's taste
he must do it to make the dough for the
sweets base mix together
wheat flour baking soda salt
sodium yeast wheat starch in milk
powder and potassium sorbate
subsequently they are added
numerous liquid ingredients it causes
a chemical reaction making the dessert
lighter
this cream-colored liquid is free of
vegetable oils
this transparent liquid and glucose
fructose a sweetener the proportions
of the ingredients that remain secret
from the mixer the dough passes to one
machine called chopper that
cut the dough into small parts of the
size of a stopper
this makes the pasta more manageable
facilitating the work of the next
rotator mold machine
inside this car a big one
roller flattens the dough
turning it into a puff of the
about half a centimeter thick e
subsequently this sheet passes
under another roller with shapes
preformed the industry uses the
rotary mold for different types of
cookies simply by installing the
roll equivalent to the biscuit in
production
for the bases of the marshmallows the cavities
of the mold only round
to the rotating mold the bases e
reach a mobile tray that
inserts into an oven
cooking time and temperature
I am once again secret
cooked masi of cakes come out of the oven
and reach a conveyor belt
that transfers them to an area of
cooling down
after reaching the temperature
environment the bases are introduced
within a car they come here
lined up to receive the filling and the
chocolate coating
the process requires precision
military technicians of the industry must
adjust this machine daily
to ensure accuracy
millimeter a portion of filling
must be placed perfectly in the
center of each base and ending with a
curl the industry brand
the company is not willing to disclose the
marshmallow filling amount
introduced in every biscuit and even less
reveal the marshmallow recipe
but generally this consists of
sugar syrup and gelatin
and now for the final layer the cover
of chocolate the melted chocolate covers
the marshmallows and bases float in the
chocolate that even penetrates into the
bottom
chocolate in not cookies e
it is made to harden inside one
cooling tunnel
the duration of the process and the temperature
as you can imagine only one top
secret
as soon as the cookies come out of the
gallery a control officer of
quality ensures that the crust of
chocolate is thick and hard homogeneous
in the packaging chain the desserts
they are placed in plastic trays
to speed up the process the workers
they must grab 4 sweets in each hand
without breaking and covering the trays
they go through a car that is there
wraps in a plastic film that
keeps them fragrant and prevents it
leaking from the tray
meanwhile another machine seems to be
boxes explaining them by gluing them and
closing the
after the workers load the trays la
machine closes the last open side
stop boxes after passing
quality control is the shelf
confectionery from your supermarket